Add deploy an existing frontend application page (with Next.js section) (#2283)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/frontend/existing-frontend.md

### Step 1: Create an application build

To start, you must generate and point the static files of a properly-built Next.js application for deployment on the Internet Computer.

In order to generate the static files of a Next.js application, add this to your `next.config.js` file:

```
output: 'export'
```

Your `next.config.js` file should look similar to this. Please note that you may have existing settings that you should avoid overriding. 

```
const nextConfig = {
  output: 'export',
};
```

Build your Next.js application by running your build command. 

For example, using npx:

`npx run build`

You should reference your `package.json` scripts section to find the correct build command. 

This should now generate an `out` folder which consists of the static assets that make up the website.

In the next step, we will instruct the Internet Computer to deploy the website on-chain using these static files. 

:::info

> When deploying on the Internet Computer, these static files are not public to anyone including the nodes. Only the WASM file which is a binary instruction file which does not leak any of your code is public to nodes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When deploying on ICP, these static files are not public to anyone including the nodes. Only the Wasm file which is a binary instruction file which does not leak any of your code is public to nodes. 
```

:::

### Step 2: Create a dfx.json file

In the top-level directory of your repository, at the source of add a `dfx.json` file and add the following:

```
{
    "canisters": {
      "app": {
        "frontend": {
          "entrypoint": "out/index.html"
        },
        "source": ["out"],
        "type": "assets"
      },
      "output_env_file": ".env"
    }
}
```

> `dfx.json` is the configuration file for deploying all of your code to canister smart contracts on the Internet Computer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`dfx.json` is the configuration file for deploying all of your code to canister smart contracts on ICP.
```

Please note that you can adjust the following:

> `app` - name of the canister smart contract

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`app`: Refers to the name of the canister smart contract.
```

Also, make sure that these do point to the correct file:

```
"entrypoint": "out/index.html"
```

and folder:

```
 "source": ["out"],
```

### Step 3: Generate Candid definitions 

> Run the following command to generate the correct types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following command to generate the correct types:
```
